Not every day is easy, not every day is good. But every day you are still you and you are enough, bad or good. - Lee-Roy
You are light. - Allie
Even on your bad days, you are so much more than enough. - Rocky
Just remember, even your worst days only have twenty-four hours. - Rocky
You are growing and changing for the better. - Elora
You love the person you are becoming. - Elora
You are worthy of all the good things that happen in your life. - Elora
Your body is beautiful and expresses your spirit. - Elora
You will care for yourself as much as you care for others. - Elora
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. - Rocky
Hey lovie, I know you thought life would be different and maybe you thought you would be in a different place now. But there is more that determines our life journey than the choices we make and you've made the best choices you could so far. Don't give up. I love you and we need you here. - Katie
Hey bb, Don't forget that growth and change aren't straight lines, they are windy balls of string that we slowly untangle and the goal isn't to fix the string but find yourself in the untangling of it. - Katie
Bestie.... You're a bad bitch. - Hols
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved. - Rocky
Always remember you are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, smarter than you think, and twice as beautiful as you've ever imagined. - Rocky
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated. - Rocky
What's right is what's left if you do everything else wrong. - Rocky
What lies behind you and what lies in front of you pales in comparison to what lies inside you. - Rocky
You alone are enough. You have nothing to prove to anybody. - Amanda
I don't chase, I attract, what belongs to me will simply find me - Sam
You are made of stardust and like a star you shine with light. - Jenn
You are loved just for being who you are, just for existing. - Jenn
If you shine too brightly for some, don't dim your light. It's their loss that they cannot see your brilliance. - Jenn
You are a whole and unique being worthy of value and love. - Stitch
Blow your worries into a balloon and let them float away. - Stitch
We love the ALL of you. - Stitch
I am proud of you for just being you. - Stitch
Waiting is. - Stitch
Have the courage to be exactly who you are without apology. - Stitch
You can not live if you are hiding behind what was. Focus on what is, right now, and that is YOU. - Stitch
Sensitivity is a sign of life. Better hurt than hardened. I bow to those who keep their hearts open when it is most difficult, those who refuse to keep their armor on any longer than they have to, those who recognize the courage at the heart of vulnerability. After all the misguided warriors destroy each other, the open-hearted will inherit the earth. - Stitch
Forgive yourself for not knowing better at the time. Forgive yourself for giving away your power. Forgive yourself for past behaviors. Forgive yourself for the survival patterns and traits you picked up while enduring trauma. Forgive yourself for being who you needed to be at the time. - Faith
Hey bestie take a deep breath with me….. there ya go, now relax your jaw, let your shoulders drop. This feelings gonna pass and you've got a coven full of people to love and support you. You're never alone. - Katie
I am proud of myself for getting this far. - Sabrina
You are in the right place at the right time, doing the right thing! - Tyler
You are loved just for being who you are, just for existing. - Tyler
Am I good enough? Yes I am! - Tyler
No matter how hard it is, I can do it. - Sabrina
You are kind and I like your butt. - Tash
You've survived every hardship that has come your way. Keep going. - Jenna
When the sun is too bright, and the moon can't be seen, put your hand on your heart and remember that you are made of stardust. - Hols
What others think of me is none of my business. - Jenna
My body is my home and I will not tear it down. - Jenna
Your future needs you, your past doesn't. - Jenna
You are the Crown! - Amie
You are doing better than you think you are. - Jess
There are more people that are in awe of you than you think or realize. - Jess
What is a memory that makes you feel happy or safe? Take a moment to remember that one right now. - Jess
There are so many more people you haven't met that are so excited to love you and know you. - Jess
You don't have to earn rest. You deserve rest just as you are. - Jess
I am so proud of how far you've come and where you are today. - Jess
You are a good person and you deserve good things. - Jess
You are seen. You are heard. You are valued. - Karen
You can do hard things. - Jenna
If you are struggling today, remember this: In the not too distant future, you will look back with pride at how strong you were to get through this. - Misty
Your existence is nothing short of magical. In the vast expanses of time and space, it will never be duplicated exactly as you are living it. - Misty
They can steal your recipe, but they won't have your sauce. - Hols
One day soon, you'll look back and see that what you've gained will be far greater than what you've lost.\nKeep going. - Rocky
You can't always see the light at the end of the tunnel, but if you keep moving, you will come to a better place. - Rocky
In the darkest times, hope is something you give yourself. - Rocky
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again. Only this time, more wisely. - Rocky
When we hit our lowest point, we are open to the greatest change. - Rocky
If you look for the light, you can often find it. But if you look for the dark, that is all you will ever see. - Rocky
You're worth it. - Rocky
If things are changing and you don't know if they're good or bad... Remember that the ground doesn't move when you grow taller - Hols
Be who you are and say what feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind! - Amie
Even if everything sucks, keep going. - Jenna
If you're making mistakes, it means you're doing something. - Bekka
You still have not met all the people who are going to love you, and that's a beautiful thing. - Faith
It's ok to make a decision that hurts your heart but heals your soul. - Stitch
I can do all things through spite which strengthens me. - Jenna
Remember that an arrow can only be shot by pulling it backwards, so when life is dragging you BACK with difficulties, it means life's about to send you FORWARD towards your goals. - Erin
Weebles wobble, but they don't fall down - Bekka
Stay on target - Rocky
You can - Rocky
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do. - Rocky
Focusing on yourself does not mean that you are selfish, but it means that you care about your life and goals. - Rocky
Try not. Do, or do not. There is no try.  - Rocky
It is not our abilities that show what we truly are… it is our choices.
Just keep swimming - Rocky
Don't think you are, KNOW you are. - Rocky
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible. - Rocky
There's always a way out. - Rocky
You will never fail if you bet on yourself. - Rocky
Today is going to be a great day. - Kara
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today. - Kara
Growth is uncomfortable because you've never been there before. - Stitch
Take your time babe, no rush. - Stitch
Take chances\nMake mistakes\nGet messy - Rocky
Rocky is probably hiding in your bushes - Rocky
If you're drowning, you don't need to reach the shore. you just need to put on a life vest. - Jenna
You are not stupid.\nYou are not ugly.\nYou are not worthless.\nYou are not weak.\nYou are not a burden.\n\nYour anxiety is lying to you.\n - Rocky
If we ask “What would love have me do?” We might make choices that would heal our souls and the world. - Katie
You can be the ripest, juiciest peach in the world, and there's still going to be somebody who hates peaches. - Rocky
Make time for yourself - Rocky
You're beautiful, and you're doing great. I'm very proud of you.  - Rocky
Follow your dreams B*@#$ - Rocky
Remember: YOU are AWESOME - Rocky
Everything is Figure-Outable - Rocky
It matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be. - Rocky
It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities. - Rocky
If you are feeling nervous, just laugh! It helps - Kara
If today was really terrible, the good thing is that you don't have to repeat it again. Tomorrow is a new day. - Jess
When you base your expectations only on what you see,  you blind yourself to the possibilities of a new reality. - Rocky
Don't let the plans get in the way of the journey. - Rocky
The only real stumbling block is fear of failure. - Rocky
Nothing is too much trouble if it turns out the way it should. - Rocky
You have to let go of fear. - Rocky
While it is always best to believe in one's self. A little help from others can be a great blessing. - Rocky
You have brains in your head and feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself in any direction you choose.
Make your choice. Are you ready to be strong? - Rocky
You'll never be bored when you try something new. There's really no limit to what you can do. - Rocky
Strong is fighting! It's hard, and it's painful, and it's every day. It's what we have to do. - Rocky
Some days, doing "the best we can" may still fall short of what we would like to be able to do, but life isn't perfect on any front-and doing what we can with what we have is the most we should expect of ourselves or anyone else. - Rocky
The secret to doing anything is believing that you can do it. - Rocky
Weapons do not win battles. Your mind, powerful it is.  - Rocky
Hope is like the sun. If you only believe in it when you see it, you'll never make it through the night. - Rocky
In a dark place we find ourselves, and a little more knowledge lights our way. - Rocky
You can do it, put your back into it. - Jenna
Working hard is important. But there's something that matters even more. Believing in yourself. - Rocky
Finish each day and be done with it. You have done what you could. Some blunders and absurdities have crept in; forget them as soon as you can. Tomorrow is a new day. You shall begin it serenely and with too high a spirit to be encumbered with your old nonsense. - Faith
You have no responsibility to live up to someone else's expectation of you. Spend as little time as possible chasing other people's preferences instead of your own. - Steph
Fix your crown and keep going! - Amie
Always do your best, and everybody's best is different. You can't always be the best but you can always do your best. - Rocky
Life is so short and unpredictable. Whatever it is you're feeling, say it; whatever you want, go for it. - Steph
I am as worthy of love as a chicken nugget. - Rocky
In a meaningless universe, meaning can still exist in our relationships with each other. - Stitch
Success is relative: it is what we can make of the mess we have made of things. - Rocky
Sometimes it takes a lot of work to just be okay. And that is okay. - Kara
Stop being your worst critic. Start being your biggest fan. - Jenn
